Clarify map key ordering functionality in docs (#13764)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/getting-started/keywords-and-maps.md

Compared to keyword lists, we can already see two differences:

  * Maps allow any value as a key.

>   * Maps' keys are "user ordered" within the same node, but are not guaranteed to maintain that ordering across nodes.

Reviewer: This is probably a better definition:

```suggestion
  * Maps have their own internal ordering, which is not guaranteed to be the same across different maps, even if they have the same keys
```
